# CS-230
**The Gaming Room has developed a game called Draw It or Lose It, originally designed for Android devices. The company now wants to expand this application so it can be played on multiple platforms, including desktop and mobile operating systems. To support this expansion, the game must move from a single-platform setup to a distributed, web-based architecture that supports thousands of players communicating with a central server in real time. It must be reliable, scalable, and secure for our users.
**I believe the thing that I did particularly well when developing this document is providing the client with a couple different effecient options and choices on how they could have their software created, being able to tailor each choice to exactly the specifications that they request and need.
**Working through a design document was very helpful in allowing me to keep my thoughts in line and myself on track when doing my research and completing the project. I was able to keep my ideas in a line and linearly work through the potential problems a software programmer or design company may encounter.
**If I could choose one part of my work to revise in the decoument it would be probably be my security section, I feel like I could go more in depth and need to do a little more research on the exact security protocols and how firewalls and other security measures like tokens truly operate.
**The client's needs were the main and first concern when creating my software design. If it weren't for the client bringing this project to you, you wouldn't be working on it anyway. And if you are not meeting the requirements of the client, they could easily take their buisness elsewhere before you can even start on the project.
**I approached designing this software by firstly making sure that all of the design choices I made met the clients requirements and would be able to succesfully scale if they had an increase in users as well. Security and user experience were the next two important things that I focused on as the client's whole goal is to increase their user base, so you must make a product that can entertain and keep them coming back.
